Kill Me
You try it.
Hahaha, you die and explain to Mr. Li
This is a misunderstanding.
No misunderstanding
I will die for treating you like this today
I'll do it.
Eat blue phoenix water rice
The wind and snow are thick yellow and eat Zonggong
I really think of myself as a character
What I brought today may be a unique master
Even if Nanfeng comes, I can only wait for death
The tone is not small
I'd rather see how to kill us
But today I came prepared
You're the shit
Unless you can get the master next door
As far as I know
Even if you are a patrol inspector
You can't move people even if you die
Excuse me.
I'm afraid you will be disappointed.
you
I hate the pit
Hello
How do you want to die?